It fits into that period in the 19th century where you had major magazines like Century and Harper's and so forth, where these things were serialized, good illustrators were employed to illustrate them.
But the important thing I was going to mention is that Stockton was a prolific correspondent.
So I said to some surviving members of the Stockton family once, well,
Gosh, aren't there a lot of letters to Frank Stockton?
Oh, yes, they said, there was a trunk or two full of them.
But at the end of World War I, we got so tired of carrying them around, we burnt them.
I said, well, weren't there letters from people like Mark Twain?
Oh, yes, they said, we remember those because we cut the autographs off before we burnt the letters.
So that half of the correspondence, except for about twenty-one letters that I got from another member of the Stockton family who gave them to me, are gone.
What do you feel when you hear something like that?
Well, you just lost another friend, that's all.
Well, the point of talking about the Stockton collection, and the fact is my father's library door was always open to me, because he saw that I knew how to handle books.
He liked to be in the library.
And on my 21st birthday, he also saw that I was pretty well hooked in the rare book and the things.
He said, well, son, you don't need another car.
I'll give you the library for your 21st birthday, and here it is.
So... The whole library?
The whole library.
That must have knocked you in your butt.
I think it might have been something.
Surprised.
Well, how did you—what was your reaction?
Thank you very much.
I was grateful.
And it just doubled my own load of— But it's a pretty resonant gift, isn't it?
Yeah.
I mean, it's something that has— Yeah, I mean, you know— It's resonating over 50 years, let's put it that way.
You lived, uh, lived with it at that time.
I'd lived with it for 21 years.
But, uh,
It was a shocker really.
Well, did it?